Welcome to our ToDoApp!

This textfile will guide you through the use of the app.


0. Starting the App
In order to run the app you need to run the file ToDoApp.java with your prefered Java compiler.

1. Creating a New Project
The first thing you need to do when you start using the App for the first time is to create a new Project.
Creating a new project is very simple, once you run the App, you choose the first option on the Menu (1). The App will ask you to specify a Title for your new Project, which has to be unique, and a Due Date.

2. Creating a New Task
Creating a task is only possible once you have created a Project. 
To create a task you select the second option of the Menu (2). The App will ask you what project you want to use to save this task. It will then ask you for a Title for the task which has to be unique, a Due Date, and a Status (which can be either "done" or "not done".

3. Showign Your Projects
To show all the projects you have in your App, you select the third option in the Menu (3). If you have no projects, the list will be empty. If you have projects, the App will list them to you in alphabetical order.

4. Showing Your Tasks
In order to see all the tasks in your App, you select the fourth option in the Menu (4). The App will first ask you what Project you want to use, and it will then list you all the tasks in that project.

5. Editing a Task
The App gives you always the option to edit a task. To do this, you select the fifth option of the Menu (5). The App will first ask you what Project your task is in, and then it will let you choose the task you want to either edit or remove. If you want to edit a task, you must first specify what part of the task you want to edit, either the Title, the DueDate, or the Status (which can be "Done" or "Not Done". If you want to remove the task, you just have to write "remove".

6. Getting Help
In order to get help on how to use the App, you can select the sixth option on the Menu (6), and you will get more information of all the options availabe in the Menu. You can of course always come back to this file.

7. Exiting the App
When you have finished using our App, you can select the seventh option on the Menu (7), and the App will save all the changes and exit.

We hope you are happy with our App, and if you have any questions / requests / recommendations, please email us to: myApp@App.com

